Flask set-cookie codemod (#101)
pixee/codemodder-python: src/core_codemods/docs/pixee_python_secure-flask-cookie.md

This codemod sets the most secure parameters when Flask applications call `set_cookie` on a response object. Without these parameters, your Flask

> application cookies may be vulnerable to being intercepted and used against your system.

Reviewer: Just a minor suggestion.
```suggestion
application cookies may be vulnerable to being intercepted and used to gain access to sensitive data.
```
